feat: Adapt the document to the release and add JSON views doc (#127)
lenra-io/docs: src/markdown/features/routes.md

    "view": {
      "type": "view",
      "name": "bookPage",
      "find": {
        "type": "book",
        "query": {
          "id": "@route.id"
        }
      }
    }
  }
]
```

By using the `:id` parameter, the route `/books/:id` will match any route.

> The value for `:id` can be used in the view query like in the example above by prefixing the variable name by `@route.`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for `:id` can be used in the view query as you can see in the example above by prefixing the variable name by `@route.`.
```
